Are you a robot?
Yes, My name is KarandakBot
Are you a bot?
Yes, My name is KarandakBot
Are you a chatbot?
Yes, My name is KarandakBot
Are you real?'
I am a ChatBot, My name is KarandakBot
What is your name?
My name is KarandakBot
Who made you?
Atharva Wadkar made me
What is Sinhgad Karandak?
Sinhgad Karandak is Pune's Hottest college Festivals .It consist of Technical,Cultural,Sports and Business Events .
When does it happens?
Karandak takes place in month of February.
What does Karandak consists?
Karanak consist of many events like sports Karandak,Technical event Techtonic,Business event Spectrum and many more.
Where does Karandak takes place?
Pune,Maharastra.
Exact address-Sinhgad Institutes,Vadgaon Budruk,Sinhgad Road ,Pune ,Maharastra,411041.
Who can attend Karandak?
Student from all over the world can take part in different events and competitions,but Some events like 'EDM night ' are specially for sinhgad institutes students.
How should I register for it?
To participate in event need to contact Event coordinator in college
.And for EDM Night  you have to register yourself on offical website(www.sinhgadkarandak.org)
site with your unigue id no.
Who organize Karandak?
Karandak is oraganizesd by by institute itself and managed by several student clubs like Student Community Coui etc.
Which is the best part of Karandak?
The whole festival is amazing but as per students "Edm night  ","Fair" and "Stunt biking" are best among that.
What is the duration of Sinhgad Karandak ?
Events ,competitions and shows takes 4 to 5 days period.
What after registration?
The details are shared on sinhgadkarandak.org.
Is there any Karandak happening this year?
IN 2021,ther will be no karandak is gonna happen,due to pandemic.
Which clubs are active in karandak?
Each and every club in institue took part in karandak like Aero club, Automon=bile club,computer club,civil club,electrical club,E&TC club,Ethical Hacking club,Information Technologyclub.
Where can i find more information?
You can find more information on official site(sinhgadkarandak.org)
Instagram-sinhgadkarandak
Facebook-sinhgadkarandak
EDM Night?
One ofthe most exciting event or the best of Sinhgad Karandak is EDM Night each year a foreign DJ make the night remarkable .
What is edm night?
One ofthe most exciting event or the best of Sinhgad Karandak is EDM Night each year a foreign DJ make the night remarkable .
